[Applause]
here Blanc know when mrs. Basel is is
brunette which one of you was dyeing
your hair she is she she's me she we are
one but she's wearing a wig
it's very unusual to go from blonde in
in a movie or TV show - brunette it
usually goes the other way around now
I'm confused which way we're going yeah
where I am blonde I am naturally blonde
but I dyeing my own hair mm-hmm for a
very long time and and I wear a wig on
the show and I we have an incredible
hair and makeup team who make the wig
look so seamless that in real life
people don't know that that I am blonde
and get very confused and and some point
is my point
oh really disappointed even I'm a
constant disappointment yeah I'm getting
accustomed to it do they look at you and
go like I know you from somewhere and I
can't figure it out sometimes where they
see me and you know recently kevin
pollak and i were at an event somewhere
and and we were we were meeting fans of
the show and there was a woman who
waited in the line and she she got up to
the front and she goes and I said hi I'm
Rachel it's so nice to meet you and she
goes you don't look anything like mrs.
nasone and I was like uh yeah you know
I'm I'm an actor and she was like no but
you you don't look anything like her and
I think oh well you know we have a great
hair and makeup team on the show and she
goes you don't sound like her either and
she and I just sort of went this is
Kevin Kevin you handle this
she believed Kevin was Kevin on the show
right he was very recognizable but thank
goodness
I'm happy that the character and the
look that was so carefully crafted by
all these brilliant artists is so
beloved but yes we are we are different
and it must give you a little bit of
freedom that you might not have
otherwise I would literally yeah yeah so
you are we're at the Golden Globes on on
Sunday you won the last two years in a
row were you disappointed not to win
this year no no well hey I'm a huge huge
flea bag fan so I'm really excited for
them and also when you win it's amazing
that's very exciting
and great but you get kind of whisked
off backstage and and you don't get to
hang out at the table with your friends
and and you definitely don't get to
drink so this year I got to drink all
night that definitely works out better
you kind of get abducted and then you're
put and then there's a whole bunch of
reporters backstage they don't feed you
know you drink right but you do get to
eat at the Golden Globes right yeah yeah
that's one of the big positives of that
show I guess definitely you don't have
to hide snacks and your impossibly tiny
what did you bring with you to the to
this eating and drinking fest
we were there with with the cast mmm -
Alex Borstein who lives in Barcelona and
I brought my husband it does he like
that sort of thing yeah yeah
yes mostly yes we have a good time
especially this year like I said we got
to drink but no it was great it went off
without a hitch
we were although we there was one almost
incident that ended up being okay but we
were all in line it was a long line
waiting to have our photos taken and and
we were chatting it up with with Amy
Poehler and nestor carbonell from the
morning show and Jason Bateman and his
wife Amanda rami malek was there we're
all hanging out in this cluster of
random celebrities and and Rami
sort of looked at my husband Jason's
bowtie and said oh hold on your bowties
ask you when to fix it and we realize
that this clip-on bow tie because
they're easier oh yeah completely fallen
apart and we were like oh no we're
inches from having our photos taken what
are we gonna do this is a major crisis
and so all these famous people are like
on the floor looking for the clip that's
watching for help looking for your clip
amy was on the floor on the floor you
know like people say celebrities are
mean that Hollywood's like kind of a
toxic place we felt very supportive when
there's enough word let me tell you when
there's an emergency situation like that
where the clip falls off your tie what
you can
count on mr. robot in that type of a
scenario Romney Romney turns to us and
goes you know we're all like looking for
the clip Romney finds it and goes guys
I've got this and did somehow the guy
word the thing and it went back together
and it was in anyway he has magic powers
he has magic did you know him is he a
friend of yours we've crossed paths
times over the years and he was just
help me doing a good deed helping us a
good person he didn't want Jason to look
stupid what did you guys do for the
holidays did you go on a vacation or
anything like that we kind of went and
visited the families I see but we had
everyone in New York for Thanksgiving
you had everyone to your house yeah yeah
my everyone you mean both your your
families yes I didn't get a does that
work okay they interact well yeah the
best part about my mother-in-law we get
along really well she's so smart and
funny and and kind and great but the
best part about her is that she she
makes me look good in front of my
husband
for example I'm really really really
terrible at song lyrics especially in
the classics like remembering the song
there's like her misheard many-many song
give me more because I there's nothing
funnier than that to me you know um you
know song livin on a prayer of course so
there's a line and livin on a prayer and
it goes the real line is Gina works the
diner all day okay but for my whole life
until very recently I thought the line
was Gina must have died of old age my
mother-in-law makes me look amazing she
takes the cake we were out to dinner
over Thanksgiving in New York and we're
all talking about what we're gonna order
and someone goes um I think I'm gonna
have the halibut my mother-in-law goes
what's that song about halibut and we're
all like I don't know how Abed that's a
very specific thing with her song to be
about and we're all racking our brains
and she starts humming and she goes
mm-hmm
then we're like and it goes on for a
really long time
we're just starving we want to order and
then finally she goes I have it it's
that song
ain't no halibut girl ain't no thang
when Stefani's did she ordered the
halibut after all that she did not oh my
god Samaras will never order halibut
again when we come back we will see a
clip from the new season three of the
marvelous mrs. Mazal Rachel Brosnahan
enjoy why you mad at me it's your phone
your daughter's a comedian oh yeah how
so it's that German edge she gave you
the Lehman blood you gave her the umpa
papa well it was your penis she was
talking about on stage not mine
whoops my mother just said that yep
because penis is a funny word I've
learned this about comedians they say
funny words for cheap laughs sighs
please if you had a penis she'd be
talking about you not me wouldn't you
talk about your mother's penis if she
had one for hours and hours and hours
that season three of the marvelous mrs.
Mazal you shot well did you shoot the
show in Miami because many times be
things are set in a place and then
people go no no we were in Bulgaria or
something like that we were not in
Bulgaria you were not no we were in
Miami yeah we shot in Miami for a couple
weeks it would have been awesome if it
wasn't like 700 degrees oh you shot
during the summertime we shot there
during the summer
that's bad planning it was yeah yeah and
you can't really like when you're on a
show like this you can't go out and like
lay on the beach because then all of a
sudden your tan suddenly well I don't
really have that problem you don't yeah
no Alex Borstein and I might might take
the cake for the the most pale well
there's a couple of but most pale girls
in high grades whitest people yeah yeah
yeah we can't go out she seems like
she's a lot of fun she is always a
character when
you see her do anything she's so funny
and she's also may be the smartest
person I've ever met she's real funny
because she's so smart
well most of the time when we were in
Miami we were talking to me were like
you know we're in Miami we we have to go
to the beach but obviously we can't go
during the daytime vampires so we we
wrapped shooting one night in the middle
of the night and we were like let's go
to the beach this is a great time to go
and we we got ready we put on our
bathing suits and we went out into Miami
Beach and we were out there and it was
it was really quiet there was no one on
my oh Willy uh-uh no and we were kind of
looking at each other going you think
it's cool to be like a week it's it's
cool like is it cool to be on Miami
Beach in the middle of the night and so
we pulled out our phones and we started
googling if it was okay to be where we
were and the internet was inconclusive
so we kept going and then we we got to
the water and we were like we should
swim like it's we're never gonna get in
the water during the daytime and and we
got in and and we're kind of in there up
to our knees going is it safe to be like
in the water on my own overnight Google
was inconclusive oh yeah so we kept
going and then the next morning we were
talking to some crew members and we were
like we got our beach in you know we
went and like 2:00 in the morning and we
got in the water and they were like what
right sharks come in to the shallow end
of the water in the middle of the night
that's when they feed that's what we
learned from jaws we don't know that to
actually be true it's true right
thankfully we didn't find out you're
gonna really sad but also funny headline
yeah really she's the better I think we
learned from gremlins and just don't
even get wet after midnight that's why
just stay out of all form don't even
take a bath after midnight no you're
exactly right
now lesson learned we didn't die though
we're still here so well the show is
great and you've got season four now
already ordered is called marvelous mrs.
Mazal it's on Amazon Prime Rachel
hi i'm jimmy kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a watchman